Cub Scout Pack 94 is made up of 1st through 5th grade boys. Boys meet in small groups called dens with approximately 5 to 8 boys 
from the same grade. Each den has an adult Den Leader and an Assistant Den Leader. 1st graders are Tiger Cubs, 2nd graders are Wolf Cubs,
 3rd graders are Bear Cubs, and 4th and 5th graders are Webelos. In the second half of the 5th grade school year the scouts move up to 
a Boy Scout Troop.

Bobcat
 When a boy becomes a Cub Scout, his Den Leader and parent(s) teaches him his seven Bobcat requirements: learning the Cub Scout Promise,
 Law of the Pack, handshake, salute, sign, motto, and the meaning of Webelos. The Tiger Cub Adult Partner(s) or Cub Scout parent(s) 
will complete the Parent’s Guide on their own.

First Graders - Tiger Cub Scout

Cub Scouts joining as first graders (or are 7 years old) enter the Tiger Cubs. 
Tiger Cubs earn the Tiger Cub badge by completing 15 activities with their adult partner and den. 
Tiger Cubs that have earned their badge may then purse electives geared especially for younger cubs.

Second Graders - Wolf Cub Scout

 To earn the Wolf badge, a boy must pass twelve achievements involving simple physical and mental skills. The requirements for these 
badges are found in the Wolf Cub Scout Book. Boys working towards their Wolf Badge are called Wolf Cubs.

Third Graders - Bear Cub Scout
 There are 24 Bear achievements in 4 different categories. 
The Cub Scout must complete 12 of these to earn the Bear badge. The requirements for these badges are found in the Bear Cub Scout Book. 
Boys joining in the third grade must earn their Bobcat Badge before working towards the Bear Badge.

Fourth and Fifth Graders - Webelos Scout

The Webelos Program is a 2-year program for fourth and fifth graders.

Fourth grade boys work toward the Webelos Badge. After earning the Webelos Badge, boys work toward Compass Point emblem 
and compass points by earning additional Activity Pins.
Fifth graders, after earning the Webelos Badge, earn the Arrow of Light. The Arrow of Light is the highest rank in Cub Scouts, 
and its badge is the only Cub Scout Badge that may be worn on a Boy Scout uniform. The requirements for these badges are found 
in the Webelos Cub Scout Book.